Notes

Currently the vacuum system assumes crew members never go in the airlock. sections can only be depressurised if the crew are in stasis.


Chapter 1: A Planet to Survey





Chapter 2: The Damaged Ship

Need a set of external locations for space walk.
Need a way to fix the holes
Need some choices - not all can be fixed, what is important?
Perhaps a shoddy job fails later

Option to revive someone to help or do it





Chapter 3: The Artifact

Need to approach it

Can AI do it?

Can AI be programmed to do it by Kyle? What commands?
kyle, (program|tell) ai to approach (artefact|ship|vessel)
kyle, (make) ai approach (artefact|ship|vessel)




The Chapter 4: The mad AI





Chapter 5: Beaten To The Post




Space Survey

Discuss with each crew member how they feel and who they are, as well as opinions on the current situation

How are you doing?

How is the mission going

Tell me about yourself

Tell me about the planet

Deploy 


Computer guy can deploy satellites as they are for communication

Biologist can deploy land and marine probes, and seeder pods

Engineer or soldier can deploy escape pods


Topics

For this star:
Deploy
What are your initial impressions of the planet?
What analysis do you have?


Situational
How are you do doing?
How was stasis for you?
Go to stasis
What do you think of the food

General:
What do you thunk about the others?
Where are you from?
Why are you here?
What family doid you leave behind?
What do you think Earth will be like when we get back?



msg("'Deploy a couple of geological probes,' you tell Kyle.");
msg("'Sure thing, mate!'");
w.Kyle.agenda = ["walkTo:probes_aft:Kyle starts looking through the crates.", "deployProbe:geology", "walkTo:lab3"];


deployProbe takes a few turns
multiple NPCs could be doing this at the same time.

once a probe is deployed its progress can be tracked. Run as a turnscript

Each probe has a turnscript that starts when launched. After X turns it reaches the destination; what happens next depends on the planet and destination on the planet.
Possibly could modify a probe (or get crew member to).





We are detecting radio signals, and they are emanating from a body orbits the planet.

Aada is EVA trained
The engineer will suggest cabling the ships together, then sealing with LeakSeal(TM). Then have the ship stay in the artefact's shadow so the cables keep cold and so taut. Perhaps pump out the connection when not in use. Use a probe to test the atmosphere. Ostap would be able to modify one with help from Engineer.

'We are getting data back from the probe. Gravity is low, 5 .7 m/s/s, air pressure is a little low at 0.83 bar. The composition... Its a mix of helium, oyxygen and what looks like sulfur





Wait...

Wait is not compatible with menu and does not wait for room title or description
Need to capture the move or start




