Apocalypse now!

Religion is in the business of marketing "jam tomorrow". Sure, no apocalypse yet, but some day, and soon, so join up fast. Sure, no benefit for you in this life, but some day, after you die. This post is about various claims in the Bible that the apocalypse is just around the corner.


Joel

This is early apocalyptic literature, so not so well developed. It is mostly about all the terrible stuff thyat will happen, but we do get a hint about when this will happen:

Joel 3:4 Moreover, what are you to Me, O Tyre, Sidon and all the regions of Philistia? Are you rendering Me a recompense? But if you do recompense Me, swiftly and speedily I will return your recompense on your head. 5 Since you have taken My silver and My gold, brought My precious [d]treasures to your temples, 6 and sold the sons of Judah and Jerusalem to the [e]Greeks in order to remove them far from their territory, 7 behold, I am going to arouse them from the place where you have sold them, and return your recompense on your head. 8 Also I will sell your sons and your daughters into the hand of the sons of Judah, and they will sell them to the Sabeans, to a distant nation,” for the Lord has spoken.

This limits the event to when Tyre, Sidon and Philistia are still extant. Tyre and Sidon are still with us, but Philistia disappeared around 722 BC, when invaded by the Neo-Assyria Empire.


Zechariah 


Daniel

Daniel is great example of someone claiming the apocalypse is just around the corner. It was written around 165 BC (or at least the last few chapters, earlier chapters may be earlier). Chapters 10 and 11 make various so-called predictions about events up to when it was written, but at Dan 11:36 it moves into speculation, with Antiochus conquering Egypt (in fact he died of disease very shortly after), and then confidently predicting the apocalypse within just a few years - specifically 1,290 days.
http://oncreationism.blogspot.com/2018/10/book-of-daniel-content.html

Jesus


Here is the actual verse.

Mark 13:30 Truly I tell you, this generation will certainly not pass away until all these things have happened. 31 Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will never pass away

Mat 24:34 Truly I say to you, this generation will not pass away until all these things take place. 35 Heaven and earth will pass away, but My words will not pass away.



Paul

Paul talks about the coming apocalypse, when all the righteous will be resurrected. But what of those who are not dead at that time? Clearly they will not be resurrected! But they will be transformed, he assures us. And he counts himself among those who will be transformed, rather than resurrected.

1 Cor 15:51 Behold, I tell you a mystery; we will not all sleep, but we will all be changed, 52 in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trumpet; for the trumpet will sound, and the dead will be raised [r]imperishable, and we will be changed.


Peter

Here we have Peter (or whoever) saying he is living in the last days. He wrote that letter to a specific group of people living at that time; the warning was to those people, alive when he was, and - as he believed - living in the last days.

2 Peter 1:3 This is now, beloved, the second letter I am writing to you in which I am stirring up your sincere mind by way of reminder, 2 that you should remember the words spoken beforehand by the holy prophets and the commandment of the Lord and Savior spoken by your apostles.
3 Know this first of all, that in the last days mockers will come with their mocking, following after their own lusts, 
